Our research aims to develop a model to predict Myers-Briggs Type Indicator (MBTI) personality types using Korean text extracted from Instagram captions. Building upon past research, we leveraged a dataset of 140,332 captions from 458 unique users to make MBTI classifications using multilingual BERT models and XGBoost models. Our models achieved some predictive power but had a tendency to overfit to user-specific captioning styles and habits rather than capturing semantic nuances that could be associated with MBTI personality types. Limitations of our research include data quality which highlights the need for diverse datasets to train stronger models. We hope that this research can contribute to the broader understanding of MBTI personality prediction using natural language processing and can support future research within this area.

We obtained our data from a dataset on Kaggle containing the Instagram captions of Korean music artists labeled with their MBTI type. As noted in the related works section, much of the research in this domain has utilized data from text-based platforms such as Twitter and Reddit. However, due to changes in the accessibility of Twitter data, we were unable to manually obtain the Twitter data from Korean users as we had intended, and thus, we turned to Instagram, another highly popular social media platform in Korea. The full dataset contained 140332 captions across 458 unique users, with an average of around 306 captions per user. The dataset also contained the user’s username, the name or stage name of the person associated with the account, and the idol group the person associated with the account belonged to (if applicable). One important thing to note is that many of the users were in the same idol group as other users in the dataset. There were a total of 143 unique idol groups in the dataset, so on average, every group of 3 users would be from the same idol group.
